here we go now we're going to do we just
did the New Zealand 700 like that
sashimi grade amazing stuff real buttery
little peeko on top just have some fun
with little green onions you do poems of
oppose excuse me soy sauce lemon vinegar
really is you just have some fun with
your food right here we're going to use
the Atlantic salmon this is how you get
a package from Kalia right you take it
it's funky we'll get it frozen and
defrosted overnight in the walk-in right
view it in the vacuum pack so it doesn't
have any air in there build bacteria so
we're going to break it down here we're
going to take it we're just going to cut
right through here right right out of
the package here it's real nice come on
here we go
a little bit here right just like the
New Zealand salmon we're going to do
here is we're just going to take it four
fingers probably right in half is be
real nice here right down the center
right lean that up right welcome like
that we'll take a little bit that scoot
off we'll make some rainbow roll type of
rolls here the fish on the outside of
the roll and take the skin off here
slice long strokes here just real clean
right
oh good here
we're going to take just like any giddy
cuts all right nice long strokes kind of
thin all right this will be on the top
of the roll right do like five pieces
here we'll put some avocado on top just
for color well this is what you can do
with sashimi you're gonna get you right
here right just have some fun with it
right we keep putting down here let's
cut some here's a sashimi cut right down
the center there right they cut that in
thirds right problem again cut them in
three thirds like that right we go one
more here there's a tendon right there
we don't want take that off and take a
little bit more than blood line off
there ain't no four color cut this one
in thirds again put your black to a Pico
on there your green to a beet go your
red right and there's a tendon right
here right we don't want to get rid of
that chewy not too good let's feel like
you will serve that to you right and
this is the belly is the belly part of
the animal here is the best part right
you're going to take this we can use a
sashimi or nicely giddy cuts nice long
strokes here right this is again where
you want to get through your sushi chef
it's going to give you this same cut
here with the same price as this over
here right that's what you want this is
your special meat grade sashimi for your
sashimi plate here nice and tender just
like butter
right
this one here we can cut into a fleshy
meat right here portions up the
bloodline there clean it up a little bit
again just just squares you can do like
little cubes here right set them on its
side that presentation so you get the
intensity you want something nice
something big where you can kind of
taste the whole fish and get the full
flavor and the texture right out of its
texture in this here we're going to do
listen to giddy gear first with this or
some sashimi with most of it just like
the first one we did just to show you
what it looks like it's a little bit of
rice right real fast here right you've
seen that before real quick right like
that this is the hardest part of doing
sushi right here the little ball of rice
try not to hold the fish too long and
then serve it just as fast like that
right you Cup born here right just real
quick
it's like magic right it's kind of like
that boom go go there you go right real
quick real simple the intensity of the
fish is what you want coolness
so there's two two orders right there
right I'm going to take this we can roll
this up here and it's something fun
right okay here's your three right have
some fun with it
grab your chopsticks it's all about the
tools right have some fun tools out
there if you have these portions right
here Table two for all about
presentation right the lemon on the side
sriracha green onions ponzu slobby real
clean for your scales there right you
put these orders right here this nice
color yeah look at that salmon like
butter right there right